"The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence." - J. Krishnamurti
"The measure of intelligence is the ability to change." - Albert Einstein
"The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments, and is yet willing to learn more." - Ed Parker
"The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Action is the real measure of intelligence." - Napoleon Hill
"The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"True intelligence requires fabulous imagination." - Ian McEwan
"They think that intelligence is about noticing things are relevant (detecting patterns); in a complex world, intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant (avoiding false patterns)." - Nassim Nicholas Taleb
"If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence." - Lao Tzu
"Genius is talent set on fire by courage." - Henry Van Dyke
"Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change." - Stephen Hawking
"By the way, intelligence to me isn't just being book-smart or having a college degree; it's trusting your gut instincts, being intuitive, thinking outside the box, and sometimes just realizing that things need to change and being smart enough to change it." - Tabatha Coffey
"The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination." - Albert Einstein
"Intelligence is not measured by how much you know, but by how much you have the capacity to learn." - Francesca Zappia
"Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but to see quickly how to make them good." - Bertolt Brecht
"Education is not the learning of the facts, but the training of the mind to think." - Albert Einstein
"Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way." - Charles Bukowski
"Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are." - George Santayana
"Intelligence is the effort to the do the best you can at your particular job; the quality that gives dignity to that job, whether it happens to be scrubbing a floor or running a corporation." - James C. Penney